[Autogenerated] infrastructure as code.
Now,
infrastructure as code is the management of
infrastructure via versioning from source code.
Now let's go ahead and take a look at a diagram.
That kind of demos, how this works.
In this example, we have two different accounts.
We have our Dev account and then our product count here at
the bottom and we see that Dev and Prod are starting with
the same application version.
Within each account,
we have version 1.0 point zero on both Dev and Prod and this
code is being stored in some version of version control whether
it be GitHub bit bucket or even code commit in a W s and those
error just to name a few.
Now, in a typical flow, developers would make new changes.
They would push the new changes that run through the continuous
integration and continuous deployment process.
And with that, the changes get deployed to Dev.
So you can see here we're now on version 1.0 point one,
and in the graphic,
we now notice that our architecture er is now
including lamb does in those two regions.
So we have added a resource in Dev by updating our
template files which will look at here in a minute in
promoting that code change into Dev.
Now, the beauty of infrastructure is code is after successful testing,
we would promote our changes and the exact same code can easily be
deployed via CloudFormation into our product count.
So you can see now we're running version 1.0 point one in both
accounts and they have matching architectures.
Those two new Lambda Czar now deployed in prod.
Now, this is just an example.
You can deploy within the same account just as easily,
But hopefully that gives you an idea of how we can
create these repeatable deployments,
using a source of truth in our source control like a get repo and then
quickly deploy those changes across an organization.
Now we mentioned CloudFormation here in what is a W s CloudFormation?
Well,
CloudFormation allows us to create a template of all of the
resource is that will need for our application.
And then it can provision and even do some configuration for you within a W s.
So what this does is it allows us to simplify art
appointments by allowing us to essentially deploy an entire
architecture ER with a single click.
It also allows us to replicate quickly.
So we create what are called templates, which we'll discuss in an upcoming clip,
and these templates allow us to reuse them,
whether it be in other regions or even other accounts.
So calling back to that diagram we just looked at,
we were able to easily promote code from Dev to prod
and have matching architectures.
And thirdly, it allows us to track changes.
So CloudFormation does an excellent job of telling us
what we have deployed resource wise,
and it tracks and reports any changes that error made to those resource is.
Now that we have an understanding of what CloudFormation is,
let's take a break here and in the next clip will start diving into CloudFormation stacks.